If you work hard, you can change your life for the better.
It was obvious that the legislation must be modified.
The chef was angry with the cook because he had modified the recipe even though the dish turned out to be excellent.
She has noticeably changed since getting married.
The manager changed the order of the performances because one of the actors was late.
At midnight the wind changed its direction from west to east.
Leaves change their color in autumn.
Have you changed your haircut? You look great!
We changed the color of the walls. We were tired of grey walls, so we decided to paint them green.
Beetroot can change the color of the food.
This thing changed a few owners before I've got it.
She asked her son to change his shirt, but he refused to do it and kept the dirty one.
She was sewing for a while, and then changed the needle to a pencil and started writing.
He replaced a burned-out lightbulb.
When his salary was reduced again, he changed his job.
He replaced linoleum with parquet.
She is filthy rich: over the last two years she has changed six cars.
He cheated on his wife with another woman.
Even though he was in a very difficult situation he didn’t change his principles and stayed true to himself. 
At 9 pm another guard changed me on the security post. 
Days follow nights.
Autumn turns to winter.
They say that Rubens original painting has been swapped during the transportation.
His sister traded her successful career for being a housewife with no purpose. 
Peter asked you to go to the countryside but you traded him for some acquaintance.
Salt in these regions was extremely rare, so it could be exchanged for anything.
I exchanged a sheep for a goat.
They agreed to get in touch with each other and exchanged contacts.
Can you break a 1000 dollars for me please?
Where can I exchange rubles for dollars?
She noticed that he added something into her wine and discreetly swapped their wineglasses when he turned away.
My colleague swapped the files in the drawer searching for something so I couldn’t find the right file.
I needed to change the bus to get to the station.
The weather changes a lot in September.